Oh, to mind
There's nothing
Will seek
New credit
Surfing waves
And laughing at
On the mountain
There is always paper traveling
And dead smoke
To listen to proof through a
I can not forget the truth
The heart is started
Today is the last year'såˆ
Youires the war
What are you laughing at?
What are you saying?
I'm listening.
You're also the daughter of Shimao, aren't you?
I'm not saying anything that's so gruelling.
Why should I make you a person who doesn't comfort you?
I'll never leave this island.
But I'm not going to let you go.
You're going to be in a bad position.
Don't hide it.
Even if you look at your sin, it's the truth.
I'm impressed by the kindness of a man who hides.
The change of the sea in the morning.
I'm going to go to the beach.